[Music]
here's something illogical but true
people often know more about others than
they do about themselves luckily there
are tons of psychological tests that
help reveal the previously hidden sides
of your personality want to try then
look at the pictures attentively and
remember your answers later they'll hope
you learn something unexpected about
yourself number one which girl look at
the picture of five girls and choose the
one who in your opinion will be the most
beautiful when she turns around but when
I say beautiful I don't mean by common
beauty standards just your preferences
- which letter look at the chaos of
colors in the picture can you see the
letters if not try squinting I swear
they're there anyway your task is to
keep in mind the letter you noticed
first
that's it now let's figure out what kind
of a person you are based on the choices
you've made why as you remember in the
first picture you had to pick the most
beautiful girl
if you chose girl number one you're most
likely a confident and calm person
obstacles and new challenges don't scare
you and you're always ready to deal with
difficulties while keeping your head
cool you don't hesitate when trying new
things and if you like something you do
it with enthusiasm also you're patient
in achieving your goals and eventually
you'll always get what you want even if
it takes some time you have a decisive
and daring personality and nobody would
call you shy if girl number two seemed
the most beautiful to you you're a
sociable person fast to establish
contact with others although you can
occasionally be naive you know for sure
how to reach your goals
thanks to your easygoing nature you have
a lot of friends and your mood is almost
always good and playful even when you
feel sad you prefer to smile at the
people that surround you you choose to
stay positive no matter what and refused
to take misfortunes close to heart at
the same time you're a pretty sensitive
person that's why one careless word
thrown at you may be enough to hurt you
if you preferred girl number three
you're a bit shy and modest you don't
usually make instant connections with
other people and to make friends with
someone you need time you'll reveal your
true self only after you get to know a
person really well you like when things
go according to your plan
that's why spontaneity isn't your style
also you're a kind person who tries to
avoid conflicts by all means and doesn't
hold grudges you try to understand what
other people think and feel and you're
ready to sacrifice something to make
your loved ones happy at the same time
harmony is crucial for you that's why
you need some quality time alone every
now and that if you pick girl number
four you're a very composed person it's
extremely hard to confuse or embarrass
you
you prefer to listen to your line rather
than to your heart you know for sure
that you can achieve a lot you can can
handle any obstacles you might face
along with being a determined and proud
person you're also gentle and kind you
take into consideration the feelings of
those around you and refuse to harm them
even if it would help you to reach your
goals and even though some people may
believe that you're cold and reserved
you're on the contrary a sociable ready
to help person and finally if your
choice was girl number five if you're a
persistent and independent person you're
ready to change yourself if needed and
therefore you're good at achieving your
goals confident and self-sufficient you
try not to ask for help even if those
around you are ready to give you their
care and support you have a stubborn
streak which makes it hard for other
people to convince you after you've made
up your mind about something meeting new
people
isn't an easy feat for you at the same
time those who managed to get a place in
your heart can always rely on you well I
big girl number one and what about you
tell me about your choice in the comment
section below and meantime let's move on
to the next image - in the second
picture you had to remember the letter
you saw first so if the first letter you
spotted from the very beginning was a
you're a straightforward and loyal
person you try to inspire other people
with your own example although you're
kind and always ready to help others you
don't take betrayal lightly that's why
people who lie to you don't tend to stay
in your life for long if you saw the
letter O first you're a natural born
problem solver
you always have several effective
solutions at the ready and this trade of
yours has earned you admiration and
from the people who surround you not a
fan of surprises you always try to be
one step ahead of any situation if it
was the letter R that caught your eye
first you're a highly observant person
on top of that you're a bit of a
perfectionist which makes you pay
attention to the smallest of details you
don't do things half arted ly if you get
down to a task you'll sacrifice sleep
until it's done perfectly and you like
organization and order in all aspects of
your life noticing the letter S first
means that you're a highly intelligent
calm person who doesn't like heated
arguments or even worse conflicts and if
such a situation comes about you prefer
to give in or move on rather than get
involved in a confrontation and while
some people might consider this feature
a sign of weakness in reality it's your
strength and it keeps you calm and
focused that's why there aren't many
people who can disturb your inner peace
if the first letter you saw was T you
were born to be a leader discipline
plays an important role in your life
because you associate it with control
people close to you describe you as a
positive and intelligent person who
eagerly supports and helps others there
are always lots of projects in your head
and they keep you constantly inspired on
the other hand you like to predict and
control everything not bit too much
that's why obstacles that pop up in your
way can upset and disappoint you and
finally spotting the letter e first
indicates that you're a very artistic
and creative person your imagination is
so rich that people often find it hard
to keep track of your ideas at the same
time you're great at expressing yourself
through different forms of art and even
though some of them may think you're a
bit negative in general those around you
appreciate your honesty also you make
people feel comfortable when they're
with you and that's one of the reasons
why you have so many friends and
acquaintances hey if you learn something
new about yourself today then give the
video a like and share it with a friend
and here are some other videos I think
you'll enjoy just click to the left or
right and remember always stay on the
bright side of life